Self-awareness questions on values and life goals
What does your ideal “you” look like?
What kinds of dreams and goals do you have?
Why are these dreams or goals important?
What is keeping you from these dreams or goals?
Rank 5-10 of the most important things in your life in your career, family, relationships and love, money, etc.
Now think about the proportion of time you dedicate to each of these things.
What would you recommend to your children to do or not to do?
[6:12 PM, 9/9/2020] #root: What does your ideal “you” look like?
What kinds of dreams and goals do you have?
Why are these dreams or goals important?
What is keeping you from these dreams or goals?
Rank 5-10 of the most important things in your life in your career, family, relationships and love, money, etc.
Now think about the proportion of time you dedicate to each of these things.
What would you recommend to your children to do or not to do?
[6:13 PM, 9/9/2020] #root: On personality

Describe yourself in three words.
Ask yourself if your personality has changed since childhood.
Is your personality like either of your parents?
What qualities do you most admire in yourself?
What is your biggest weakness?
What is your biggest strength?
What things scare you?
Do you make decisions logically or intuitively?
How would you complete the question: “What if?”.
[6:14 PM, 9/9/2020] #root: Relationship

Describe your ideal relationship.
How happy are you in your current relationship?
Who would you call if you only had a few minutes to live? What would you say?
Who have you loved the most?
Of all the relationships you have had, describe the best moment.
Describe a devastating moment in terms of relationships.
Ask yourself if you treat yourself better than others?
These questions are designed to make you think. Answering these questions is a powerful method of self-discovery.


1.Obama listening other’s opinion
2. Obama greeting 
3.greeting  common people  
4.  speech 
5. listening 
6. Two people arguing 

1) Discussion. 
2) Barack Obama greeting
3) Thinking
4) Greeting the commom peopls
5) Delivering a speech. 
6) Disagreement


pensive
steeple

hand and thumb
chin and cheek
double handed handshake



pitch - high or low voice
pace-speed ,tone-expresses the speaker's feeling or thoughts,
pause-a temporary stop or rest
